Changes in Version 0.3-13
    o fix an error due to bug fix in the Matrix package

Changes in Version 0.3-12 (and -11)
    o vector values of wiggle.sd are allowed for different priors on approximate
      equality constraints

    o logical argument "prisamp" added, for sampling from a model's prior

    o for target="stan", lkj prior is used for unrestricted lv correlation matrices

    o default priors for conditional approaches (jags and stanclassic) revert to
      being placed on precisions (as opposed to sd), for improvement in sampling efficiency

    o bug fixes for wiggle argument, stan plot labels, 
      stanclassic and jags equality constraints, ppmc()

Changes in Version 0.3-10
    o save.lvs=TRUE works for missing data under target="stan"

    o new arguments "wiggle" and "wiggle.sd" for approximate equality constraints 
      under target="stan"

    o improvements to std.lv=TRUE for target="stan"

    o bug fixes for blavCompare() and blavFitIndices()

Changes in Version 0.3-9
    o improvements to save.lvs=TRUE for target="stan"

    o target="stancond" is added, which is an experimental, noncentered Stan approach.

    o bug fixes for prior settings and std.lv in target="stan", and defined parameters.

Changes in Version 0.3-8
    o post-estimation, posterior predictive computations have been sped up considerably.

    o a number of bug fixes.

Changes in Version 0.3-7
    o for target="stan", gamma priors can now be placed on user's choice of
      variances, standard deviations, or precisions.

    o save.lvs=TRUE now works for target="stan".

    o plot() now works uniformly across Stan and JAGS, relying on bayesplot.

    o post-MCMC parallelization is now handled via future.apply package
      (requires an extra "plan" command from user, but works on windows).

    o for target="stan", priors on correlations are now passed through
      to Stan (due to previous bug, they were implicitly treated as uniform).

Changes in Version 0.3-6
    o bug fix for stan plots, which were silently failing.

Changes in Version 0.3-5
    o target="stan" is now the default, using a pre-compiled stan model instead
      of "on the fly" code.

    o ppmc() function added by Terrence Jorgensen, facilitating posterior
      predictive checks.

    o default priors are changed from gamma on precisions to gamma on standard
      deviations.

    o bug fixes: in blavInspect(,"lvmeans") for jags; parameter names in 
      stan plots.

Changes in Version 0.3-4
    o Add function standardizedPosterior() for standardizing posterior draws.

    o Rearrange posterior predictive internals.

    o Turn off posterior modes for target="jags", due to conflict between current
      versions of runjags and modeest.

Changes in Version 0.3-3
    o Fix bug in Stan models, where an ov is regressed on an lv (or vice versa) and
      std.lv=TRUE.

    o Small fixes to blavInspect().

    o For convergence="auto", max time was previously 5 min (undocumented).
      It is now Inf.

    o Axis labels are now more sensible on convergence plots.

    o Relative effective sample size now used to compute loo/waic SEs, and SEs
      are now returned via fitMeasures().

    o Added unit testing via testthat.

    o Other bug fixes.

Changes in Version 0.3-2
    o Improved handling of Stan models, including missing data, defined variables, 0-variance latents, multi-group.

    o Conditional (on latent variables) information criteria available when save.lvs = TRUE.

    o Added CITATION to JSS publication and corresponding references updated.

    o Experimental function blavFitIndices() added for Bayesian versions of SEM metrics, contributed by Terrence Jorgensen.

    o blavaan 'intelligently' chooses target, if either runjags or rstan (but not both) is installed.

    o Version dependencies updated, including lavaan and loo.

    o Bug fixes from previous version.

Changes in Version 0.3-1
    o Stan export/estimation now supported.

    o Improved handling of complex models, including growth/change models.

    o Logical argument save.lvs added to sample factor scores. Samples/means can be obtained by supplying arguments 'lvs' and 'lvmeans' to blavInspect().

    o Bug fixes from previous version.

Changes in Version 0.2-4
    o Add 'seed' argument for setting the random seeds in each JAGS chain.

    o Bug fixes found in previous version.

Changes in Version 0.2-3
    o New function blavCompare() for comparing models via ICs and BFs (code from Mauricio Garnier-Villarreal).

    o Defined parameters are now sampled via MCMC, vs estimated via delta method.

    o blavInspect() gains 'jagnames' option, showing correspondence between blavaan parameter names and JAGS parameter names.

    o Fix bugs in (i) marginal log-lik computation under cp='fa', and (ii) calculated number of parameters under complex equality constraints.

Changes in Version 0.2-2
    o Fix bug in 0.2-1 causing model estimation to crash on Windows only.

Changes in Version 0.2-1
    o Major update to internals: Model matrices/parameters now correspond to the Lisrel representation used in lavaan.

    o General parameter equality constraints using '==' are now available (with one parameter on the lhs).

    o New function blavInspect() for extracting various pieces of the MCMC run, including HPDs using an optional 'level' argument.

    o JAGS syntax now uses the original observed variable names. It also assigns all prior/constraints to a single parameter vector, then defines model matrices based on this parameter vector.

    o A list of user-defined initial values can be supplied via the inits argument.

    o Posterior predictive computations are parallelized, if package parallel is installed.

    o Improved timings for various parts of the model estimation.

Changes in Version 0.1-4
    o New convergence="auto" option to run chains until convergence.

    o Bug fixes in model estimation: single-indicator lvs, equality constraints
      on exogenous lvs, models with n.chains=1, force runjags parameter summary.

Changes in Version 0.1-3
    o Improved support for growth models, including latent variances
      fixed to 0.

    o Extra monitors supplied via jagextra become defined parameters
      in summary().

Changes in Version 0.1-2
    o Bayes factors for loadings/regressions now available from
      summary() via argument bf=TRUE. These are computed via
      the Savage-Dickey density ratio (assuming normal posterior).

    o Bug fix in generation of random initial values when some
      covariance parameters are fixed to 0 (and we use srs priors).

    o Explicit translations from JAGS parameterizations to R
      parameterizations. This leads to the availability of
      more fitMeasures under a wider variety of priors.

Changes in Version 0.1-1
    o Added plot method related to plot.runjags().

    o Added argument jagextra for supplying extra code to JAGS.

    o Changes to summary():
      Improving look and operability with lavaan
      Posterior medians/modes now available

    o runjags slot in blavaan objects is moved to 
      @external$runjags.

    o fitMeasures() now includes BIC and loglik (at posterior means).

    o do.fit=FALSE now works, returns only JAGS syntax.

    o Random initial values less likely to fail.

    o Bug fixes related to equality constraints on mv variances +
      std.lv=T vs TRUE.
